Mother?
I had a nightmare.
I saw them shoot him, in the dream.
Mama, why did he die?
Because that is what's
written in God's book -
Say, "Nothing shall befall us,
except what God has ordained."
Did God not love him?
God loved him so much...
He took him sooner than we wanted.
Does God love me that much?
Yes...
but God has a different plan for you.
How will I know?
He will reveal it to you
when you're ready.
Mama.
Today, God gives us Damascus!
Help us!
We're trapped!
Please let us out!
We'll die here!
Help us!
Let us out!
Jibril? When did you escape?
Samer?
They said you joined the rebels.
Your family was worried about you.
Where's your family?
Listen to me!
Listen to me, my brothers and sisters.
They pretend to preach God's word,
and all they do is twist its meaning.
It is written in The Book.
"They shall be held up to shame
in this world...
they have incurred God's
most inexorable wrath...
a shameful defeat awaits them!"
A defeat awaits you!
May the Devil swallow you up!
I've looked the Devil in the eye.
He cannot swallow me.
It is written -
Say, "Nothing shall befall us,
except what God has ordained."
It is forbidden
to misquote the scriptures!
Look at you.
You've suffered more than anyone
on this earth.
You're surrounded by enemies
who want to eradicate you.
Load the artillery! Quickly!
The sandstorm's upon us!
Believe me when I say God
will defeat your enemies!
Because God wants you to live.
Mark my words!
On this day, mark my words!
God's hand will turn them away!
Salvation is at hand!
Everybody, get inside!
There is nothing to be afraid of!
Heed my words!
This is their last gasp...
...their dying breath.
Mark my words...
the scale has tipped!
History has ended!
Messiah! Messiah!
Imam?
Where do you lead us, Imam?
To our destiny.
"If you look for truth,
you may find comfort.
If you look for comfort,
you will never find truth."
Why do you quote an infidel?
Who are you to judge who's an infidel?
People are hungry, Imam.
Don't interrupt, boy.
Why do you call me Imam?
Because you are great.
No greater than you.
"There is no deity but God."
But you turned away evil
as you said you would.
He turned away evil.
But He works through you.
"Did He create you in jest?
Without purpose?"
You expect a shoemaker's son
to know the scriptures?
Do you serve God?
Yes.
Then He works through you.
He works through everyone.
You mean He works through all
who righteously follow Islam.
Don't tell me what I mean.
Why are there no women here?
Surely you're not serious.
Go find a woman
and give her your seat.
This man is the Devil.
He has led us into the desert
with no food.
And to leave me now is to perish.
I'm here to tell you to throw away
your assumptions about God.
Stop clinging to what you think you know.
In this hour,
mankind is a rudderless boat.
Cling to me.
What is he doing?
Talking with God.
He looks crazy.
He stood for 30 days
on the Gate of St. Thomas
and preached without food or water,
during the sandstorm,
while we hid in a building,
fearing for our lives.
You don't believe
he really did that, do you?
He is Isa returned.
al-Masih.
Jibril!
Sit down with me.
Do you know there is a star
for every soul?
Do you believe me?
Yes.
Imam... is my mother in a good place?
She's where God wants her.
She is with Him?
Do you think...
He would forsake a soul as good as hers?
I miss her.
I want to see her.
It's good you're thinking about
the next life.
Why have you come now?
It's pointless to question these things.
I'm here...
in this moment because
I have always been here in this moment...
and so have you.
You have light in you, Jibril...
but God is going to ask some hard things
of you.
I am ready.
Pack up the camp. We're moving.
Al-Masih!
He's led us to our deaths.
He's led us into battle!
Collect all the weapons.
Imam, what do you want us to do?
Dig a hole and bury them.
Then how do we fight?
What?
We've got a crazy fucker.
Hello there, crazy fucker.
Patrol house 328ip.
Repeat 328ip.
Request immediate reinforcement.
Be strong.
God is with you.
Hands up!
Hands away from your clothes!
Get down!
-Hold fire!
-Where the hell is reinforcement?
These people need food.
Lebanon is that way.
Lay down on the ground. I said lay down!
Hands up!
Stand down.
Arrest him.
The occupying forces have refused...
the Palestinian refugees
entry back into their homeland,
led by a man they call al-Masih.
-What are you doing?
-What's it look like?
You can't just let yourself in.
I pay for this place.
There's my princess.
Daddy!
Let me look at you!
I'm all sweaty.
You're supposed to call
and let me know you're coming.
They're the rules.
This isn't a hotel.
Oh, so you bothered this week?
Have you got a job yet?
Go get your coat, princess.
Yeah?
It's my day off.
When?
REFUGEE LEADER ARRESTED
The Word.
That will be revealed in time.
No one needed
to tell me your name.
You are in my father's book.
You hold onto hatred like it's a prize,
when it's the weight around your neck.
He is waiting for you, Aviram...
whenever you are ready.
FILE DELETED
Put him in the hole.
Have you seen Omer?
Why would I do that?
Because he's your brother.
He did something stupid.
I'm not going to take pity on him.
I love your compassion.
The country's crumbling
and he decides to rob a fucking store.
He deserves what he gets.
You're angrier than usual.
You...
You've never mentioned Megiddo
to anyone?
Why would I do that?
Why are you even talking about it?
Nothing.
Hey, thief. Give it back.
Goodnight.